chore: add docs for HTTP email delivery (#1501)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/emails-sms/01_sending-emails-smtp.mdx

# smtp://thetoken:thetoken@smtp.postmarkapp.com:587/
```

## Send emails using an HTTP server

Ory Identities supports sending emails using an HTTP server. This is useful if you want to customize the email content or use a

> service that does not provide an SMTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service that doesn't provide an SMTP server.
```

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs groupId="console-or-cli-http-email">
<TabItem value="cli" label="Ory CLI" default>
```

1. Download the Ory Identities config from your project and save it to a file:

   ```shell
   ## List all available projects
   ory list projects

   ## Get config
   ory get identity-config {project-id} --format yaml > identity-config.yaml
   ```

2. Add the configuration for your custom HTTP server

   ```yaml title="config.yml"
   courier:
     delivery_method: http
     http:
       request_config:
         url: https://mail-sender.example.com
         method: POST
         body: base64://... # See below for the default payload and available variables
         headers:
           Content-Type: application/json

>          auth: # leave out, if your server does not require authentication, but note that we do not recommend that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         auth: # leave out, if your server doesn't require authentication, but note that we don't recommend that
```

           type: basic_auth # or api_key
           config:
             username: my-username
             password: my-password
             # if you want to use an API key (type: api_key), use the following config instead:
             # name: my-api-name
             # value: my-api-key-value
             # in: header # or cookie
   ```

3. Update the Ory Identities configuration using the file you worked with:

   ```shell
   ory update identity-config {project-id} --file updated_config.yaml
   ```

### Payload

> The payload of the HTTP request is a JSON object that is generated using a Jsonnet template. By default, the following payload is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload of the HTTP request is a JSON object that's generated using a Jsonnet template. By default, the following payload is
```

sent:

```jsonnet
function(ctx) {
  recipient: ctx.Recipient,
  template_type: ctx.TemplateType,
  to: if "TemplateData" in ctx && "To" in ctx.TemplateData then ctx.TemplateData.To else null,
  recovery_code: if "TemplateData" in ctx && "RecoveryCode" in ctx.TemplateData then ctx.TemplateData.RecoveryCode else null,
  recovery_url: if "TemplateData" in ctx && "RecoveryURL" in ctx.TemplateData then ctx.TemplateData.RecoveryURL else null,
  verification_url: if "TemplateData" in ctx && "VerificationURL" in ctx.TemplateData then ctx.TemplateData.VerificationURL else null,
  verification_code: if "TemplateData" in ctx && "VerificationCode" in ctx.TemplateData then ctx.TemplateData.VerificationCode else null,
  subject: ctx.Subject,
  body: ctx.Body
}
```

The courier passes the `Recipient`, `TemplateType`, and `TemplateData` variables into the Jsonnet template. These variables are
available through the `ctx` object. `Recipient` will always be the email address of the user. `TemplateType` and the fields in
`TemplateData` are linked in the following way with each template type containing the fields listed below:

> This will produce a JSON object, that contains all data, that is available in the email. You can customize the payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will produce a JSON object, that contains all data available in the email. You can customize the payload
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="console" label="Ory Console (coming soon)" disabled>
```

> The Ory Console does not support configuring this yet. Please use the Ory CLI instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ory Console doesn't support configuring this yet. Please use the Ory CLI instead.
```
